
1. The primary goal of the website, summarized in one or two sentences.
	The primary goal of the website is to provide student related news to NTNU students. On this website,
	students will be albe to share stories about their student lives, experiences, tips and tricks and any kinds of student related activities in Trondheim by sending them to the web administrator. 



2. The number of web pages and a title for each page.
	There will be about 10 pages and each of those will have different title.
	1. Student livet i Trondheim
	2. Slik takler du eksamenpress
	3. En Gløs-student drakk seg full og fant bevistløs ved torvet
	4. Slik får du gode karakter
	5. Jobb ved siden av studie
	6. En data-nerd gløsgjengen(cuntdestroyerz) lager apps for å stoppe voldtekt
	7. 2014 fadderuke bilder, vidoer
	8. Hva er poenget med livet?
	9. Jeg strøk eksamen
	10. Tinder-match



3. The potential audience, do you need to consider things like old browsers, resolutions, and other accessibility issues.
	Our main audiences are students who are studying at NTNU. Since this website will contain mainly campus-student-related stuffs, NTNU students will be our main audience. 
	We will also consider accessibility issues and follow W3C guides. Since our audience are mainly students who use smartphone alot, we will have to consider making our website responsive to those devices. 




4. What multi-media content do you want to include?
	We will make use of images and video to make our site more interesting.


5. What type of interactions and dynamic features do you want on your site?
	We will have a section on our web page where students can send their unique stories to the webmaster(or post it by themselves) and then with their permission, post it on our websites. 



6. An indication of where you will be getting the content (including text, images and other multimedia files).
	When it comes to text, it will mainly be students from where we will be getting our content. Images and videos will be from the internet and we will of course provide the sources in the readme file. For the time being, we still not have chosen the definite sources yet. 

7. What did you learn from reviewing similar sites?
	We learn very much. First of all, accessibility has never been in our mind when we make website. I mean, we rarely consider for people with visual impairment and some others that do not use mouse to access our website.
	From now on, they will be on our first to-do list when we make website, especially including all those 'alt' tag to make it easy for people with visual impairment to access our website. 

	We learn a very basic foundation of what a good website is and what its basic structures are. When it comes to aesthetic part of a website, we learn that good contrast ratio is important and the site should have a consistent look throughout the entire site.
